[ML] add text_similarity nlp task documentation (#88994)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc

for powerful insights.
end::inference-config-text-embedding[]

tag::inference-config-text-similarity[]

> Text similarity takes an input sequence and compares it with some other input sequence. This is commonly referred to
> as cross-encoding. This kind of task is useful for ranking document text when comparing it to some other provided text input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text similarity takes an input sequence and compares it with another input sequence. This is commonly referred to
as cross-encoding. This task is useful for ranking document text when comparing it to another provided text input.
```

end::inference-config-text-similarity[]

tag::inference-config-text-similarity-span-score-func[]

> This identifies how to combine the resulting similarity score when a provided text passage is longer than `max_sequence_length` and must be
> automatically separated for multiple calls. This only is applicable when `truncate` is `none` and `span` is some non-negative
> number. The default value is `max`. Available options are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies how to combine the resulting similarity score when a provided text passage is longer than `max_sequence_length` and must be
automatically separated for multiple calls. This only is applicable when `truncate` is `none` and `span` is a non-negative
number. The default value is `max`. Available options are:
```
